add-team-peers-manager-direct-reports-dashboard (#59)
JupiterOne/insights-dashboards: src/boards/team-manager-direct-reports/readme.md

---
Publisher: JupiterOne
---

# Team / Peers, Manager and Direct Reports

![sample-screenshot](board.png)

> Type in a managers email and gather data on their direct reports, what team members and peers they have along with their directs information.  

Reviewer: Not manager's email. An individual's email to get the person's peers/team members, manager, and direct reports (if there is any).

Author: Just updated description

> Prerequisite: 
>

> > An integration to an identity provider or directory service, such as Okta, Azure AD, JumpCloud.

Reviewer: We should include Google Workspace. Also, the identity provider must be configured with directory services with data related to people management. 

We should also include HRIS integrations such as BambooHR.

Author: Let me know if what I changed works a little better

Author: Also for the board image - I completely agree. The only other thing I could think of was if I could add the dashboard to the play instance because I think that has user data but I'm not positive

---
Publisher: JupiterOne
---

# Team / Peers, Manager and Direct Reports

![sample-screenshot](board.png)

> Type an individual's email to get the person's peers/team members, manager, and direct reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an interactive dashboard that will prompt you to enter an individual's email to get the person's peers/team members, manager, and direct reports.
```
